fallout_wastelands:wastelanddirt : minecraft:orange_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:moltensteel : minecraft:magenta_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:tv : minecraft:yellow_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:redindustrialdoor : minecraft:lime_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:rustbloc : minecraft:pink_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:charredplankslab : minecraft:birch_slab
fallout_wastelands:metalshelf : minecraft:gray_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:rottenplankfence : minecraft:oak_fence
fallout_wastelands:rustedwallrusted : minecraft:cobblestone_wall
fallout_wastelands:fillingcabinet : minecraft:light_gray_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:deadtrunk : minecraft:cyan_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:redindusrivetmid : minecraft:purple_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:charredplank : minecraft:blue_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:enclavebunkerblock : minecraft:brown_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:downruinblock : minecraft:green_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:enclavebunkerfloor : minecraft:red_stained_glass
fallout_wastelands:wastelandsteelbars : minecraft:white_concrete
fallout_wastelands:walkwaystairs : minecraft:blackstone_stairs
fallout_wastelands:brotherhoodofsteelmetalplating : minecraft:orange_concrete
fallout_wastelands:steelblock : minecraft:magenta_concrete
fallout_wastelands:locker : minecraft:light_blue_concrete
fallout_wastelands:plaster : minecraft:yellow_concrete
fallout_wastelands:lighttub : minecraft:lime_concrete
fallout_wastelands:redindusupperrivet : minecraft:pink_concrete
fallout_wastelands:militaryplated : minecraft:gray_concrete
fallout_wastelands:redindustrialrivetdown : minecraft:light_gray_concrete
fallout_wastelands:uraniumblock : minecraft:cyan_concrete
fallout_wastelands:vaulwall_4 : minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_wall
fallout_wastelands:rottenwooddoor : minecraft:purple_concrete
fallout_wastelands:ammunitionbox : minecraft:blue_concrete
fallout_wastelands:moltenironblock : minecraft:brown_concrete
fallout_wastelands:rustedruinblockground : minecraft:green_concrete
fallout_wastelands:walkwayslab : minecraft:jungle_slab
fallout_wastelands:bo_ssteelplatingstairs : minecraft:polished_blackstone_brick_stairs
fallout_wastelands:rottenplanks : minecraft:red_concrete
fallout_wastelands:wirefence : minecraft:spruce_fence
fallout_wastelands:barrelbarrel : minecraft:black_concrete
fallout_wastelands:enclavebunkerblockwall : minecraft:brick_wall
fallout_wastelands:metalchair : minecraft:white_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:cellinglights : minecraft:orange_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:enclavebunkerstairs : minecraft:polished_granite_stairs
fallout_wastelands:rottenplanksslab : minecraft:acacia_slab
fallout_wastelands:terminal : minecraft:magenta_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:moltencopperblock : minecraft:light_blue_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:medicalbox : minecraft:yellow_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:rustedwall : minecraft:prismarine_wall
fallout_wastelands:redindustrialblocslab : minecraft:dark_oak_slab
fallout_wastelands:copperblock : minecraft:lime_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:barbedwire : minecraft:pink_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:concretepattern : minecraft:gray_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:metallicwall : minecraft:red_sandstone_wall
fallout_wastelands:redindustrialblock : minecraft:light_gray_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:scaffolding : minecraft:cyan_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:coreunit : minecraft:purple_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:charredplankfence : minecraft:birch_fence
fallout_wastelands:militaryplatedradiationwarrior : minecraft:blue_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:rustediron : minecraft:brown_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:militaryplatedstairs : minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone_stairs
fallout_wastelands:scaffoldingcrossed : minecraft:green_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:militaryplatingwall : minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_wall
fallout_wastelands:militaryplatingblockhazard : minecraft:red_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:wastelandglass : minecraft:black_concrete_powder
fallout_wastelands:radioactivwastebarrel : minecraft:glass
fallout_wastelands:sheetmetal : minecraft:tinted_glass
fallout_wastelands:rustedironstairs : minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_stairs
fallout_wastelands:bossteelstructurestairs : minecraft:polished_diorite_stairs
fallout_wastelands:wastelandconcretevent : minecraft:lapis_block
fallout_wastelands:wastelandbrickcracked : minecraft:sandstone
fallout_wastelands:fridge : minecraft:chiseled_sandstone
fallout_wastelands:bossteelstructureslab : minecraft:mangrove_slab
fallout_wastelands:coffeemixer : minecraft:cut_sandstone
fallout_wastelands:rustedironslab : minecraft:crimson_slab
fallout_wastelands:tirestack : minecraft:white_wool
fallout_wastelands:vaultwall_3 : minecraft:granite_wall
fallout_wastelands:redindustrialblockstairs : minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_stairs
fallout_wastelands:wastlandconcrete : minecraft:orange_wool
fallout_wastelands:wastelandwornmetalblock : minecraft:magenta_wool
fallout_wastelands:charredplanksstairs : minecraft:end_stone_brick_stairs
fallout_wastelands:moltentin : minecraft:light_blue_wool
fallout_wastelands:wastelandcobblestairs : minecraft:stone_stairs
fallout_wastelands:rustedironwalls : minecraft:stone_brick_wall
fallout_wastelands:sheetmetalwall : minecraft:mud_brick_wall
fallout_wastelands:oldpapers : minecraft:yellow_wool
fallout_wastelands:deadroots : minecraft:lime_wool
fallout_wastelands:militaryplatingslab : minecraft:warped_slab
fallout_wastelands:structuralmetalblock : minecraft:pink_wool
fallout_wastelands:rottenplanksstairs : minecraft:smooth_sandstone_stairs
fallout_wastelands:wastelandglassblock : minecraft:gray_wool
fallout_wastelands:wastelandbrick : minecraft:light_gray_wool
fallout_wastelands:wastelandconcretewall : minecraft:nether_brick_wall
fallout_wastelands:tinblock : minecraft:cyan_wool
fallout_wastelands:militaryplatingglass : minecraft:purple_wool
fallout_wastelands:deadgrass : minecraft:blue_wool
fallout_wastelands:bossteelplating : minecraft:brown_wool
fallout_wastelands:wastelandstonebrick : minecraft:green_wool
fallout_wastelands:trashbin : minecraft:red_wool
fallout_wastelands:decorativepipe : minecraft:black_wool
fallout_wastelands:wastelandconcretestairs : minecraft:smooth_quartz_stairs
fallout_wastelands:testbunkerdoor : minecraft:smooth_quartz
fallout_wastelands:vaultpillar_1 : minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone
